.TH "/home/maxmahem/wallch-2.0/mainwindow.cpp" 3 "Wed Aug 31 2011" "Version 2.1" "Wallch" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/maxmahem/wallch-2.0/mainwindow.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'mainwindow.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'ui_mainwindow.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'preferences.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'about.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'properties.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'extras.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'QOpenCVWidget.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'glob.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <opencv/cv.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <opencv/highgui.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <libnotify/notify.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QMessageBox>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QClipboard>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtDBus/QtDBus>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtDBus/QDBusMessage>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QUrl>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QTransform>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QDrag>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QProgressDialog>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QFileDialog>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QTextStream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QAction>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QSettings>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QRect>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QDesktopWidget>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QSystemTrayIcon>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QCloseEvent>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QMenu>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QShortcut>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QListWidgetItem>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QListWidget>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QWidget>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtConcurrentRun>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtNetwork/QNetworkAccessManager>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtNetwork/QNetworkReply>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QtNetwork/QNetworkRequest>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QDesktopServices>\fP
.br
\fC#include <SFML/Audio.hpp>\fP
.br
\fC#include <gconf/gconf-client.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBQT_NO_KEYWORDS\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_live_earth_running_\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_on_boot_once_running_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fB_on_boot_constant_running_\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBseconds_left\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrandom_first\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnumber\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtmp_number\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBseconds_minutes_hours\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBtmp_seconds_minutes_hours\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpref\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBadd\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBshow_notification\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBminimize_to_tray\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBproperties_times\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclose_minimize_app\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpropertieswindow\fP = 0"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBextras_shown\fP = false"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBstart_just_clicked\fP = false"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBpass_them_as_albums\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBnotification_first_time\fP = true"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "NotifyNotification * \fBnotification\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "gboolean \fBsuccess\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "GError * \fBerror\fP = NULL"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define QT_NO_KEYWORDS"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fB_live_earth_running_\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fB_on_boot_constant_running_\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fB_on_boot_once_running_\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBadd\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBclose_minimize_app\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "GError* \fBerror\fP = NULL"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "bool \fBextras_shown\fP = false"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBminimize_to_tray\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "NotifyNotification* \fBnotification\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "bool \fBnotification_first_time\fP = true"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBnumber\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "bool \fBpass_them_as_albums\fP = true"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBpref\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBproperties_times\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBpropertieswindow\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBrandom_first\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 75 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBseconds_left\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBseconds_minutes_hours\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBshow_notification\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "bool \fBstart_just_clicked\fP = false"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "gboolean \fBsuccess\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBtmp_number\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "int \fBtmp_seconds_minutes_hours\fP = 0"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Wallch from the source code.
