.TH "MainWindow" 3 "Wed Aug 31 2011" "Version 2.1" "Wallch" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
MainWindow \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <mainwindow.h>\fP
.SS "Public Slots"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclickSysTrayIcon\fP (QSystemTrayIcon::ActivationReason reason)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBShowPreferences\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBShowExtras\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBmenushowabout\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowClicked\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpruneList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBremoveDisk\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBload\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBshowProperties\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBOpenfolder\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopyImage\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcopyPath\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBerrorstopprocess\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclose_minimize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsave_album\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBminimized\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMainWindow\fP (QWidget *parent=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~MainWindow\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBchangeEvent\fP (QEvent *e)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 45 of file mainwindow.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "MainWindow::MainWindow (QWidget *parent = \fC0\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "MainWindow::~MainWindow ()"
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void MainWindow::changeEvent (QEvent *e)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 289 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::clickSysTrayIcon (QSystemTrayIcon::ActivationReasonreason)\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 324 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::close_minimize ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 583 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::copyImage ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 516 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::copyPath ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 511 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::errorstopprocess ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 536 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::load ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 485 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::menushowabout ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 906 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::minimized ()\fC [signal]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 195 of file moc_mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::Openfolder ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 937 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::pruneList ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 465 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::removeDisk ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 476 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::save_album ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 986 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::showClicked ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 352 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::ShowExtras ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 925 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::ShowPreferences ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 915 of file mainwindow.cpp.
.SS "void MainWindow::showProperties ()\fC [slot]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 941 of file mainwindow.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Wallch from the source code.
