.TH "/home/maxmahem/wallch-2.0/properties.cpp" 3 "Wed Aug 31 2011" "Version 2.1" "Wallch" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/home/maxmahem/wallch-2.0/properties.cpp \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'properties.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'ui_properties.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include 'glob.h'\fP
.br
\fC#include <QDir>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QImage>\fP
.br
\fC#include <QFileInfo>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/stat.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <fstream>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <iostream>\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "scaledSize \fBscale\fP (ui->label->size(), Qt::KeepAspectRatio)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBif\fP (!ui->label->pixmap()||scaledSize!=ui->label->pixmap()->size()) updateScreenshotLabel()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_2, 0, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_name, 0, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_4, 1, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_size, 1, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_7, 2, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_width, 2, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_6, 3, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_height, 3, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_3, 4, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_type, 4, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->label_5, 5, 0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBoxLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->image_location, 5, 1)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "optionsGroupBox \fBsetLayout\fP (optionsGroupBoxLayout)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "buttonsLayout \fBaddStretch\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "buttonsLayout \fBaddWidget\fP (ui->pushButton)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "QString \fBimage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__pad0__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__pad1__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__pad2__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoptionsGroupBoxLayout\fP = new QGridLayout"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__pad3__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB__pad4__\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "buttonsLayout addStretch ()"
.SS "buttonsLayout addWidget (ui->pushButton)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_2, 0, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_name, 0, 1)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_location, 5, 1)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_5, 5, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_width, 2, 1)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_3, 4, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_height, 3, 1)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_6, 3, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_4, 1, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->label_7, 2, 0)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_type, 4, 1)"
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout addWidget (ui->image_size, 1, 1)"
.SS "if (!ui->label->pixmap()||scaledSize! = \fCui->label->pixmap()->size()\fP)"
.SS "scaledSize scale (ui->label->size(), Qt::KeepAspectRatio)"
.SS "optionsGroupBox setLayout (optionsGroupBoxLayout)"
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "__pad0__"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "__pad1__"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "__pad2__"
.PP
Definition at line 88 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "__pad3__"
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "__pad4__"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "QString \fBimage\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file properties.cpp.
.SS "optionsGroupBoxLayout = new QGridLayout"
.PP
Definition at line 90 of file properties.cpp.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Wallch from the source code.
